Magic3

Starts with a quest for Transmutation Magic 3.
NPC in Crypt:
Teaches you spell with which is Transmutation Magic Level 2 and Quest dependend (you have to learn it from the NPC)
This spell will consume 30 Jars Of Blood. The Spell take all the Iron of the Blood and fuses the atomic
nuclei together, creating a Radiating Iron Lump.
    to be able to cast this spell successfully you have to be at least level 90 with Lazurite,
    or Level 95 with full Magic XP and full Magic Equip (724+ m.Att)
You can only give this item to the NPC if you've casted the spell successfully.
After giving the NPC the item he gives you a list of items to gather.

White Fur: 1000
Diamond: 40
Jack-o-Lantern: 12
Skull: 20
Dark Crystal: 60
Jar of Blood: 5

You can give him one item after another. Once you gave him all the items he will give you a Red Blanket. This blanket
is a special transportation blanket. He will teach you the invocation and you can then travel to a special hideout
using the blanket as component to a spell.

At the special hideout which seems to be a very small house with now windows and no doors you meet another Wizard.
He will ask who sent you and will ask you a few question (possibly challange to a match of Tic Tac Toe :D)
Once you passed all his questions (or Tic Tac Toe) he will tell you that he is one of the last few Mages who knows
the higher levels of magic. He himself claims knowing everything about Transmutation Magic. He is also skilled in
General Magic and Transportation Magic.
He accepts you as a student if you show him the blanket. <You learn Transmutation Magic 3> and get 800.000XP.
The first spell he will teach you is how to create a catalyst which substitutes the Sulphur Powder in the #flar spell.
This catalyst will just work if you have completed the quest. So trading it won't help.
Ingredients for the Catalyst Transmutation Spell:

* Radiating Iron Lump
* 700 Sulphur Powder
* Iron Ingot
* 15 Jack-o-Souls

After completing the spell you will recieve a Flare Dart Talisman.
Magic.conf line 1686
